refactor(esf): update esf interactions (#2286)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/excel_style_filtering.md

## Interactions

In order to open the filter menu for a particular column, the Angular filter icon in the header should be clicked. Additionally, you can use the `Ctrl + Shift + L` combination on a selected header. If the column can be sorted, pinned, moved, selected or hidden along with the filtering functionality, there will be buttons available for the features that are turned on.

If no filter is applied, all the items in the list will be selected. They can be filtered from the input above the list. In order to filter the data, you can select/deselect the items in the list and either click the Apply button, or press `Enter`. The filtering applied through the list items creates filter expressions with `equals` operator and the logic operator between the expressions is [`OR`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/enums/filteringlogic.html#or).

> If you want to replace the filtered items, simply open the filter menu and apply a new filter. If you want to add items to the currently filtered ones, however, you should select the option `Add current selection to filter`.

Reviewer: I
```suggestion
If you type something in the search box and apply the filter, only the items that match the search criteria will be selected. If you want to add items to the currently filtered ones, however, you should select the option `Add current selection to filter`.
```
